The people, places, organizations, events,
groups and professionals
depicted in this program are fictional
and created for entertainment purposes only.
Viewer discretion is advised.
I will get a choreographer to give you a dance lesson.
Our hotness will help restore university's reputation.
This incident made us realize....
what people on the internet wanted to see.
The six of you must help create Mek-Kim BL content.
and encourage people to follow the university's channel.
I require 100,000 subscribers!
The content we are creating...
must be directly beneficial to the university.
I want everyone to learn more about our university
through content that doesn't force them too much.
This way we can create both BL content and good image for the university.
I hope we can gain as many subscribers
as the chancellor wanted.
What do you guys think?
I think it's a good idea.
What do you think?
And what do you think?
It's up to the head's decision.
I'm here to make BL content with you anyway.
But I have one concern.
I'm concerned that you might not be able to resist my hotness.
The air-conditioner here is so strong...
and so loud.
So...
What's the first content we should do?
I've thought about it.
For the first one...
I want people to see how beautiful our campus is.
We'll go out and take pictures around the campus,
making them a check-in spot.
Like those TV series locations people visit.
With you and I exchanging a sweet eye contact in the photos, right?
Like that water splash video we had.
Yeah.
You just tryna act cool.
I know you want a sweet moment between us, too.
Look at yourself first.
Who would want a sweet moment with you!?
Gross!
You're so fierce that I want you to guard my house!
Okay, okay.
Let's just get started with this content.
I'm ready.
Then, you can divide what to do in your group.
My group will work on the script.
so it doesn't come out too ridiculous!
Bear, you'll be the photographer.
For this project, I want the photos to look soft and gentle.
Sure.
Park, you'll help edit the video.
I want it to be so romantic!
Get it?
Make sure you attract more people to our fandom, too.
Alright.
I'll work on the list of the locations then.
You just take care of the people on set.
Deal.
But I might need to get off early sometimes.
I have a lot of work to do lately.
Okay, no problem.
So...
Let's start, shall we?
[FLUKE
Chatchawal]
[EARTH
Teerapat]
[BEW
Sitthikarn]
[DANIEL
Cheng Yu Chang]
[BOAT
Yongyut]
[KENJI
Siwarut]
[POR
Passakorn]
[YUT
Kritsadayut]
[Directed by
NATTHAMON YIMYAM]
[We are on the same ship!]
What are you doing?
Grrr!
Grrr.
Ouch!
Why are you doing this?
If one day these two end up together,
that would be hilarious.
Let's just hope that doesn't happen.
Please.
What are you so happy about?
You dig this kind of song now?
Your auntie really is something.
Yeah.
When I heard about the drama,
I never thought she'd handle it this way.
The song's quite catchy.
Wow!
Is that your mom's cooking?
I told her you wanted to have a taste.
So she made you a full meal.
Please enjoy, sir.
I'll just go ahead and eat it then.
P'Tim, can we take photo with you?
Tim is having a meal right now.
Can we do it later?
Please, I'm begging you.
We study in another building.
We don't come here often.
And this is the first time we've ever met you.
- Can we please have a photo with you?
- Please.
It's okay. It's just one photo.
Let's do it.
P'Tim, here's dessert I made myself.
I brought it along. I want you to try it.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you around.
Don't even think about it.
You don't know what's inside.
You might be allergic to it.
You take such good care of me.
I wonder how much better you'd be to me if I were your boyfriend.
Well...
Can I sign up for being your boyfriend?
I won't be your boyfriend.
I bet you'll give me a lot of headache.
You attract a lot of people.
You're a picky eater.
And you're very fussy.
Wow.
You said it like you didn't remember
that you once told me you liked me.
I was just so young back then.
There're a lot of people on this earth
that are better than you.
Then...
That person you said is better than me...
Don't forget to bring him to me some time.
If he wants to take my manager away,
he'll need my approval first.
In your dream!
I won't bring him to you.
Now, just eat.
It's delicious!
As delicious as it has always been.
It's just BL content. Why is it so tiring?
Yeah, right.
Our content has more actions but it's not nearly as tiring.
You two are so extra.
It's nothing.
Of course you could say that!
I saw you did nothing but messing with the memory card.
You were just pretending to be busy, weren't you?
When it fact you were just slacking off.
Just shut up.
Only you could think of something like this.
Here're water for you.
Thank you.
Hey, wait.
So refreshing!
Damn it! It goes wrong every damn time.
What's wrong with him?
What was that?
No idea.
Let's check out photos.
This is the last location, right?
Yes.
Kim, should we just roll now?
It's getting dark soon.
They still look tired.
Let them rest a bit.
Guys...
I might be late at work.
Traffic's so bad lately.
I dozed off three times on the road
and still didn't reach the restaurant.
Then, you can go now.
Otherwise, you'll be late.
There's nothing to worry here.
Okay, see you later.
- Later.
- Thanks.
Hey...
Don't forget to take care of P'Bear for me.
Just go please!
Go!
See ya.
Guys, I have to go now.
Bye.
See ya.
See you later, Bomb.
Guys.
Let's take 10
and meet again at 3.30pm.
Awesome! We can rest now!
Bear, let's go to the toilet and get some snacks.
I want something crispy.
Me too.
Park, give me 50 baht.
For the snacks.
Are you a friend or a thief?
You always take my money.
Don't. Be. Fussy.
Here.
Let's go.
[Cheer up :)]
Well, well.
If you want to cheer me up, just say it to my face, Kim.
You don't have to be sneaky about it.
What's wrong with you?
[Cheer up :)]
You told me to cheer up. I noticed that.
Only Bomb would do such a thing.
Your friend did that again.
What?
He's your friend too.
You're the one who brought him in during the freshman camp.
Is he dancing or what?
I guess so.
I'll go buy some water.
Okay.
Since we've received great reponses
I decided to come up with a little business idea.
Ta-da!
1,000 of them?!
Is he dancing or what?
I guess so.
I'll go buy some drinks.
Okay.
You like dancing that much?
No.
That was...
That was just...
I was startled because...
some ants bit me.
Thank you, anyway.
Otherwise...
I'd have become food for the fish.
Be careful then.
There's a lot of ants around here.
By the way...
You look familar.
Are you in the guy in that Say No SOTUS video?
Yes, that's him.
Do you want his autograph?
We're going to be famous soon.
I'm sure we'll be on top of Twitter trends by tomorrow.
Oh sure, I'll be supporting you.
That's it?
Tim.
What happened?
Nothing. I just came here to help him.
Let's go.
Wait, P'Tim.
Thank you again.
Well, well, well.
It's true that the eyes can't lie.
You like him, do you?
Just mind your own business!
I was just asking nicely.
I won't bother then.
Bear! Let's finish this thing.
I think I might lose my interest in shooting BL content soon.
Won't you check me a little?
We gotta go now.
Thank you so much for today.
- See you later.
Do you want to go home with me, Kim?
We worked so hard all day.
Just get on my bike.
Just think of me as your motorcycle taxi.
I'm trying to be kind here.
Not that I want to mess around with you or anything. Let's go.
It's a Mek-Kim sweet check-in point!
Take a photo for me.
[Nuchsuda Ittipat
Chancellor]
Hi, darlings.
Please take a seat.
First of all,
I'd like to give you props
for making such good BL content.
I'm so glad that I shipped you two.
I mean, I'm glad that I put my trust in you.
It's my pleasure.
Since we've got good results,
I decided to come up with a small business plan.
And I want you two to help execute it.
That business is...
Ta-da!
The Mek-Kim official t-shirt!
The fabric is so flexible and of a high quality.
Available for you at 690 baht only.
All proceeds after expenses...
will be donated to the volunteer camps in all faculties.
Wait a minute.
What does this mean?
Let me be clear.
Apart from being a BL couple,
you need to sell t-shirts too.
You know...
This is the perfect time to raise some money.
I've already ordered the first lot to be made.
About 1,000 t-shirts.
What!? 1,000!?
Chancellor,
I think a lousy t-shirt like this...
No one would want to buy it.
I know people have different tastes.
But design is also important.
One more thing,
I think this is getting out of hand.
Sometimes we have to think like a business person.
Whatever.
Can you two just come up with a way to sell them?
I have already made an investment in you.
If you can't succeed,
we may have to reconsider about the consequences of your wrongdoings.
That's all.
This t-shirt is actually cute.
So cute.
Since the shirt doesn't look good
we need to get something else to attract people.
Your in-flight meal is ready.
Please enjoy.
I will.
I suppose there's a lot going on with you these days.
Classes, student club's work
Not to mention being a content creator.
It's not that overwhelming.
In fact, I find myself enjoying it.
You don't have to worry about me.
Actually, sitting in the same car with Bomb and Bear was even more overwhelming.
Of course I do worry.
Because...
Sometimes when you say it's alright
Eventually...
It's not.
I still remember that Valentine's Day
three years in our relationship.
You told me you didn't want any gift.
But when you realized I really didn't prepare anything for you
you ended up getting mad at me.
You better just forget it.
How could I forget it?
It's a memory about you.
So...
Do you remember...
how long we've been together?
You're taking too much time.
I was just teasing you.
This year...
marks our 7th year together.
How could I forget that?
The kid who secretly took a photo of me.
Nonsense.
You just happened to walk into my frame.
My, my.
Don't be shy.
Wasn't it you who walked up and gave that picture to me?
Just admit it
that you...
have got a huge crush on me
since the first time you saw me.
Well...
Don't you want to start taking photos again?
Your camera is now left in the dust.
Nah.
I'm already over it.
Besides...
I'd rather have my photos taken.
I'll be the photographer for you then.
How about that?
You don't eat that thing?
Here, take this.
I'll go take care of the bill.
Bill, please.
Hey!
Lee.
Oh, hi, Fluke!
How's it going?
Long time no see.
I'm good.
Couldn't be better.
How are you?
Same old, same old.
Still like to try this and that.
Come on, babe, let's go.
Park,
do you remember Fluke?
My school mate.
Right.
Of course I do.
Are you guys still together?
Woah.
Time flies so fast.
Before we know it, our college life is over.
Not for me.
I started over at the Faculty of Liberal Arts last year.
Why?
I thought you'd study Comm Arts with Park.
Don't tell me you compromised yourself for him again.
I was just bored.
You know I get bored easily.
Alright, alright.
I get it.
I just think...
Perhaps you're wasting your talent.
Ever since you two got together
seems like all your skills have been transferred to Park.
Let's go home,
shall we?
I have some work to do.
Well, I gotta go.
See you around.
Okay, see ya.
Good luck.
You too, Park.
Why are you walking so fast?
Let's grab some rice porridge at Tong's for dinner.
Sure.
I'm actually feeling like some hot boiled rice.
Excuse me.
Can I take a photo with you?
Of course, you can.
I'm happy to.
Are you a Hailstone?
What howl?
Are you a dog or something?
I was not talking to you.
I was talking to P'Mek.
Sure. Be my guest.
Okay then!
Let's do this.
Say cheese!
Cheese!
You guys seem to make the most of this opportunity.
Actually, I know you from the fanbase.
I adore you so much.
You have mischievous eyes.
And you seem like a free spirit
though a little bit grungy.
But whenever you're around P'Kim,
you become such a a heartwarming guy.
You two are definitely an OTP,  one true pairing!
Never knew I had my own fanbase.
You do!
It's called...
Mek-Kim: Sweet Neighbors, Romantic Lovers
What a cringey name.
How could someone like it?
I like that name!
It's cute.
Do you know the head of the fanbase create your content all day and night?
She always finds ways to get new people to join the fandom.
If you have some free time,
please come and have a little chat with us.
I'll definitely join you guys.
By the way, don't forget to stop by our t-shirt booth this Friday.
Tell your friends to come, too.
Okay, we will!
One more thing...
Can you please pass this to P'Kim?
This one, too.
See you later.
Bye-bye!
Thank you so much.
Guys, I think I'm on the right track.
From now on, I'm gonna play a spy.
I'll go undercover to check on the feedback from fanbase.
Seriously,
do you really like that name?
Yuck!
Don't be so harsh.
After all, our channel name is called Thunderous Sky.
You can't compare it to that!
This name is the coolest name ever.
Right, Mek?
Mek!
Guys, check this out!
30,000 people like my fanbase page.
In less than a month!
I'm sure I'll get hired by some eCommerce mobile app before the year ends.
I see they hire BL couples all the time...
Stop being so obsessed with this BL thing.
Are you going to lunch or what?
Maybe later.
I have to do some research on shippers' behavior.
I'll see you guys later.
Mek.
I knew it!
Kim!
Why would you look at my laptop screen?
Stop it! Stop, stop, stop.
Don't you know I'm the head of Mek-Kim fanbase?
- Give it to me now!
- You're gonna break it.
Why are you so obsessed with this shipping thing?
Even when it has to do with your own brother!
Come here.
Where are you going?
Stop!
Don't do this to your sister.
I just want to help you out.
How is that wrong?
Are you sure?
Do you want to help me or ship me instead?
How could you edit my pictures like that?
Because you two barely have any moments together.
That's why I need to make it up.
You know...
The page has already gained 30,000 subscribers.
Lots of them went on to subscribe to your channel.
And you still don't think I'm helping you.
When it comes to BL couple content,
the most important thing is the power of fanbase.
Understood?
We even have a fandom name.
And about the t-shirts you're selling...
I'll help you spread the word.
You'll sell them out for sure.
Really?
And...
What do they say about me?
Ever since I got into this BL content thing,
I've never felt brave enough to read the comments.
Jeez.
You should read the comments and reply to your fans sometimes.
Here.
I'll read them out for you.
"They have such a great chemistry."
"Although they like to bicker,
they look cute together."
"I'd love to have P'Kim cook for me,"
"but I'm afraid his food might be too sweet,
judging from the way he looks into P'Mek's eyes."
"This couple gives me a lot of feelings."
"They're both heart-fluttering and funny."
"What a perfect couple they are!"
Do you think you will end up having real feelings for him?
Are you insane?
Stop that thought right away.
There's nothing interesting about P'Mek at all.
The reason why I'm so convincing with my performance
is because this is my responsibility.
That's harsh.
Don't you ever say that to the fans.
They'll be devastated.
Kim, you know,
when you filmed that cooking content with P'Mek
you fried an extra sunny-side-up egg.
And what about that?
Don't be clueless.
You know you only eat over-easy fried eggs.
The reason why you prepared an extra sunny-side-up egg
is because you were not sure about the kind of fried egg he prefers.
Am I right?
You say you don't care about him.
But deep down you do.
Maybe you're just overthinking.
I was just trying to make the best fried egg I could.
Let's keep on reading the comments.
What is that?
Can I spray myself with that, too?
Sure you can.
If you want to be a successful seller,
first you have to smell good.
Smell refreshing!
So we can sell it well.
Let's bring it on.
It smells so good.
You do have a good taste.
Come and grab one!
Mek-Kim lovely couple t-shirt!
Do you fancy one?
Over here.
The Mek-Kim t-shirt you're asking for is now available.
This way!
For 690 baht only.
Thank you.
Is it true that we'll get to taste P'Kim's special dish if we buy the t-shirt?
Of course it is.
The kitchen is right there.
What's the special dish you're cooking for your fans today, Kim?
Green curry spaghetti with fried chicken.
That sounds like a great fusion dish I would love.
Stop playing.
Over there.
The crowd is coming.
Apparently, you and I are doing great as a couple.
I think I'll order 1,000 t-shirts to be made.
They are going to be sold out anyway.
Stop with that nonsense.
Now, help me out.
Relax.
Don't be mad.
I'm here to give you something.
Here, have this on.
Our fans made it for you.
Now now.
I'm busy.
See?
It's very simple.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Here you go.
P'Mek!
What do we do now?
We've run out of stock.
We still have customers coming.
Give me a list of the ingredients you need.
I'll go get them for you.
Okay, one moment.
Here.
Okay.
I'll be back in 20 minutes.
Can I have one spaghetti, please?
I'm sorry.
It's out of stock.
It will be available again shortly.
That's a shame.
I came all the way here to get your t-shirt.
I didn't realize you were a Mek-Kim fan too.
No.
I'm just Kim's fan.
Actually...
I just want to try your cooking.
What a shame it's not available.
I wish I could try it.
If it's not available,
maybe you just have to get over it.
Don't put a pressure of him.
We only have a few left at the bottom of the pan.
I'm so sorry.
Actually, I don't mind that.
I just want to taste it a little bit.
Sure, P'Tim.
If you say so.
Here.
That's pretty good.
In fact,
I have to say...
It's so delicious!
It's as good as the ones I had at famous Italian restaurants.
That's all I wanted.
Thank you so much.
Hey...
Tim-Kim is not that bad!
Kim, they ran out of coconut milk.
There was not any left.
So I got you a creamer instead.
Is that okay?
Really?
Why?
We can't use the creamer?
We can...
but it's not the same thing.
Because I follow the traditional Thai recipe.
It'll taste good as long as you're the one cooking it.
Come on.
Don't you see customers are waiting?
Come on!
It tastes so good, P'Kim.
We've sold out the cringey t-shirts!
Yay!
Thanks so much for today.
You did a better job than I'd thought.
Because Head Chef Kim did a brilliant job.
I was just following your footsteps.
I gotta go.
Rest well, okay?
We'll have to come up with new content ideas later.
Wait.
Here.
I noticed you hadn't had anything today.
So I kept this for you.
Never knew you could be a nice guy too.
Thanks a lot.
They're just leftovers.
See ya.
Well done,
Mek, Kim.
I am so proud of you two.
We've got a good performance.
So I'm thinking of ordering more t-shirts.
Maybe about...
2,000 of them.
Please don't!
Why not?
You two have a lot of fans.
Besides...
We've gained a lot more subscribers on our university channel.
I think we should take it slow.
Don't you agree?
Yes.
Anyway...
The reason why I brought you in today
is because...
I want to try experimenting with something new.
So...
I decided to ask one of your friends
to do a collab with you on our channel.
Please give it down for...
Oops!
I mean, give it up for...
Is this plant called "Kimhan" or something?
You seem to take a very good care of it.
Don't be silly!
It's content.
I'm going to help mix and match the uniforms
for our university's beloved BL couple.
Everyone knows you have a crush on Tim.
You're smiling from ear to ear.
Stop bothering me.
What is wrong with him?
He was looking daggers at Tim all the time.
Has he got so deep into the role
and got jealous?
What is wrong with you today?
You've been moody all day.
Ah, I see!